List 1:
feta cheese
tahini
diced pineapple
barley
ground mustard
chicken breast patty
cumin
cinnamon
potato chips
diced ham
anti-caking blend
red wine
parmesian cheese
lime juice
sliced red onions
green onion
multi grain wrap
tzatziki sauce
green cabbage
high fructose corn syrup
gingerroot
diced mixed bell peppers
water chestnuts
baked falafel
chopped fresh spinich
sriracha sauce
frozen french fries
toaster
green peas
choppped hard-cooked egg
bread
turmeric
wooden spoons
spinach
plain non-fat greek yogurt
dried thyme leaf
dijon mustard
balsamic vinaigrette dressing
turkey burger
shredded cheddar cheese
cornstarch
vanilla icing
peeler
blender
strawberry non-fat yogurt
all purpose flour
vegetable base
red onion
diced tomatoes
snow peas
iceberg lettuce
stove
egg blend
green beans
baking cocoa
green pepper
chocolate chip cookie
white rice
chipotle ranch
carrots
tongs
parsley
diced cucumbers
teriyaki sauce
mint
mozzarella cheese
diced green peppers
water
celery kale
pinto beans
chicken breast
diced chicken
whisk
canola oil
pasta
pizza sauce
sunflower seeds
seasoned rice wine vinegar
garbanzo beans
soy sauce
eggplant
colander
sauce pan
salt
sun dried tomato
vegan chicken strips
cheedar cheese
barbeque sauce
american cheese
dried bay leaf
lettuce
cilantro
stock pot
salsa
frying pan
roll
jalapeno pepper
romaine & iceberg lettuce
couscous
black olive
honey
coriander
tortilla
cheddar-jack
corn kernals
microwave
shredded carrots
black pepper
vanilla non-fat yogurt
measuring spoons
oatmeal raisin cookie
chilled asparagus
grape tomatoes
sliced beets
cheddar cheese
baking powder
dill pickle slices
red bell pepper
chicken thigh
sweet & sour sauce
egg noodles
gelatin
allspice
paprika
chile garlic sauce
corn
yellow cake
vegetable oil blend
cannellini beans
sheet pan 
granulated sugar
fryer
baking dish
fresh garlic
light italian dressing
medium salsa
creamy caesar dressing
beef meatballs
sliced tomatoes
mayonnaise
vegetable shortening
deli pepperoni
margarine
romaine lettuce
measuring cups
cutting board
oranges
basil
chicken base
diced cucumber
cayenne pepper
can opener
kettle
dried cranberries
black beans
blackbean veggie burger
diced onions
lemon juice
knives
honeydew melon
tofu
ranch dressing
whole milk
extra virgin olive oil
onion
cantaloupe
bread crumbs
sliced mushrooms
alfredo sauce
half & half creamer
tomato
vanilla extract
dinner roll
sliced scallions
skillet

List 2: